Fix uniswap v2 swap decoding edge case (#5766)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`5572` Trade events in Uniswap V2 swaps now occur in a consecutive order.

Reviewer: This is not a good description as it tells nothing to the user and also implies all events were wrong.

```suggestion
* :bug:`5572` Fix a detection error that caused some uniswap v2 trade edge cases not to be accounted for properly in pnl report.
```
